please welcome notion ceo akshay khatari
motive ceo and founder show abe makani
incredible health ceo and co-founder
iman abuzaid
and base 10 partners operating partner
laura wiedman powers
hi everybody we are so excited to be
here and also i have to say your lunch
smells really good you can smell it from
the stage
um i could not be more excited to be
here
sharing the stage with these three
incredible founders um and i know we're
actually
really all here to hear them talk not me
so i'm actually gonna start out by
letting them introduce themselves
briefly um so i would love actually if
you can start us off and just share um
the company you're with the mission what
you're building and what your role is at
it
well first of all thank you laura for
having us i deeply admire shoie benemann
and
very glad to be a portfolio company of
base 10. i'm akshay i'm the ceo at
notion and our mission notions mission
is to democratize software tool making
we think a lot of the sas tools that
you're probably using and people
represented here a lot of them are built
off very few fundamental building blocks
and what notion is trying to do is
really offer these building blocks to
the people so that they can actually
build their own tools
build tools the way their brain works as
opposed to the other way around
so that's our mission of course that
itself is not enough we also need a
market and one of the trends that we're
noticing is that there's just been an
explosion of tools
i think there's an octa study that talks
about number of tools each company is
using and it just keeps going up i think
it's muting to about 100 now and what
we're seeing from customers is that
people are really wanting
for the pendulum to swing back a little
bit they want fewer tools where they can
actually do a lot of the work fewer
tools that talk to each other
and that's really what is helping notion
really grow in today's market
and finally i'm the ceo which is a nice
fuzzy title
it means that i've over the course of
four years have played many different
roles
i would say the core thing that i've
probably done at notion is help recruit
uh the leaders that are now driving a
lot of our business
amazing thank you
okay uh i'm gonna kick it over now to
iman
sure hey everyone um my name is iman
abuzade i'm the ceo of incredible health
uh incredible health is a career
marketplace for healthcare workers we're
the fastest growing career marketplace
for healthcare workers in the us today
what that means is hospitals and health
systems they use our software to hire
nurses in permanent roles in 20 days or
less instead of it taking 80 days or
longer our vision is to help healthcare
professionals live better lives and the
mission is to help them find and do
their best work
we've been around for five years now we
work with over 600 hospitals and
across the country
in 25 states and uh
and yeah it's great to be here
great all right shall we finish us out
uh
great to be here thanks for having me
uh i'm co-founder and ceo of a company
called motive
we build our mission is to unlock the
potential of the physical economy uh and
and very specifically what we do is we
build technology uh that improves the
safety and productivity
of industries like construction uh
transportation field service agriculture
manufacturing
really any business that has physical
operations
needs what we got our iot hardware
connects their physical operations
brings their vehicles equipment physical
assets online
and digitize or otherwise as an offline
workflow
and then we build ai-powered
applications that solve the key a number
of the key operational problems that
these businesses face uh where is my
stuff how is it being operated
are my drivers operating safely and
efficiently
you know being able to actually digitize
the core workflows and the communication
with customers
that allows these businesses
to drive productivity
to get more out of
their their workforce and to be able to
better serve their customers and
communities
we've been at it for about nine years um
today we have north of 130 000 customers
across a really a wide range of
industries and geographies
and
have a big opportunity ahead of us
thank you
and i'm laura weidman powers i am
operating partner at base 10 we are
a venture firm that invests in
automation for the real economy our two
pillars that drive us are research and
purpose i am thrilled to get to work
with these three
as part of the advancement initiative
which is our growth stage fund where we
invest in top tech companies
and then we as a firm donate half of our
returns to create scholarships at
historically black colleges and
universities
and we work across our portfolio on esg
and dei as
our portfolio service and
so even though we are returns focused
investors we're not impact investors you
can imagine that we attract very
purpose-driven founders case in point
um and increasingly we're finding that
that being really self-aware
about the power that you have as a
founder especially of a unicorn of a
hyper growth company
and the impact that you can have is
becoming table stakes for running a
company in the 21st century your
employees care
the market cares and so that's the
conversation that we wanted to have
today is really about how you
live and honor your values when you are
building and running a unicorn
so
each of you is doing this and i think
the the uh hope and dream for many in
the audience is probably to do the same
to build a unicorn and to do it um while
living your values so um we're going to
uh spin through each of you to hear what
your values are as a company
and then a super brief example of
what that actually looks like in action
so um
i have your values uh behind so we'll
start with iman so um the values are
there um so you can spin through those
real quick but what i'd really love for
folks to understand is maybe one quick
example of what that looks like in
action for you sure yeah so this is a
set of our values uh
and we we created our values at the very
beginning when we were when we started
the company in 2017 when we were only
two co-founders
um so a few of them are you know
customer obsession do whatever you can
to delight users
speed move as quickly as humanly
possible deliver results so this is a
pretty data driven company stuff needs
to get
things need to get measured also look at
inputs outputs deliver results
um disagree and commit is probably one
of our one of my favorite values
uh where we really want everybody to
have the obligation to dissent and to be
able to disagree and that the
environment is safe uh for uh for debate
and discussion
in order to make the best decisions for
the customers or for or for the business
instead of making decisions based on you
know
egos and titles and other things like
that uh and then ownership uh
you really need to own your work and
everybody to act like a ceo when you're
a ceo the bucks does stop with you and
so if everybody's operating in that way
that tends to help
as far as like a um you know a specific
example
um you know
we launched in the in the northeastern
part of this country uh in last year
towards the end of last year and you
know we're building a two-sided
marketplace so there is a geographic
component to our business
and
honestly like the east our the
northeastern part of this marketplace
was not functioning anywhere near as
well as the west or the south and uh
you know and we didn't know why so like
a lot of these values were implemented
right away where we had to you know we
had to do whatever we can to delight
those users
um including you know things that were
manual that we had to get done um
we had to very rapidly scale up our
operations teams for example which you
know meant moving with speed
uh
things did we we discovered that a lot
of our analytics weren't as robust as
they should have been
and then certainly there was a lot of
ambiguity going on which which is where
disagree and commit comes in so that's
where you have the discussions and
debates and so on about what to do and
then ultimately we have to commit make a
decision and move on um and then it
really did take every leader including
you know the middle managers and other
you know uh
leaders uh lower down in the
organization too to operate like owners
in order to get us out of that so
thankfully we got out of it but you know
it's the framework that these values
provide enabled us to to really turn
around some of the employer and nurse
experiences that were not as good as we
were hoping in the northeast
i love that example because
it's how you use the values to
understand what to focus on and and
where to lean in and then also
how you go about
executing against that priority so it
really pulls through sort of the
decision in the aftermath yeah
absolutely i mean you probably will
comment on the same i mean the
values get really tested
when things are going wrong
yep yes
yeah it is it's easy to say you're
living your values when everything is uh
roses but yeah um okay great so let's uh
let's go to you shawib um tell us about
motives values and an example of when
one of those values has been used in
action
yeah um
we have four values
own it uh less but better
build trust
and unlock potential
and
some of these are obvious uh perhaps one
of them is less obvious
or two uh and so i'm gonna focus on less
but better uh i i think this one
really stands out
because
my my general
take on company building is
uh you have to do a few things
incredibly well
um before you ever have an opportunity
to do more if you can't solve that very
meaningful problem for that customer uh
you won't ever have the potential
to expand and build a platform to solve
multiple products or build multiple
products solve
multiple problems uh and so that that
the idea of less but better which is
fundamentally rooted in essentialism um
that there's few things that really
matter uh it holds incredibly true for
uh for company building and it's one
thing that
you know you're constantly challenged on
right because as you are more successful
you get more resources you get more
capital uh and there's always uh
distractions and shiny objects um and
and actually in 2018 i think we actually
fell
victim to this we we started a whole new
business line uh we have a hardware and
software-enabled sas business uh that's
very good growing very fast we started a
new marketplace business
and and it was very high potential it
fit our founding narrative it was the
right story uh and and it
actually scaled pretty rapidly to north
of 100 million dollar
run rate uh in something like 18 months
but
we we realized actually that it was
consuming a incredible amount of
organizational energy and capital to
continue to to scale it uh and that was
coming at you know the expense of our
core business which uh actually you know
is very high margin compounds at a very
high rate incredibly high uh very
durable revenue stream and had lots of
potential still to be realized uh and so
uh we we made the very hard decision
actually of shutting that business down
completely uh you know going from a 100
million dollar run rate to zero on that
product line on that business line uh
and and it was really tied back to uh
that concept of less but better uh and
and doing so um
allowed us to channel all of our energy
and operational resources and actually r
d resources toward uh that that core
hardware and software business uh and
that act re-accelerated growth
dramatically uh and and has been um
incredibly value generative for the
company
and so yeah less but better rings
through for me i think about it
constantly because every single day as a
ceo you're going to be confronted with
new opportunities and new shiny objects
that um you're giving me flashbacks to
when i was a ceo as well um because one
of the things that you realize is you
see the problem so closely and you see
all the various solutions and it can be
so tempting to want to go out and build
those additional solutions to the
problem so i love that you have actually
enshrined in a value this notion of
focus
which i think can be incredibly
challenging when you're really close to
the problem and when you have the
resources to solve yeah
it's particularly tempting when you have
the capability you know you can solve
that problem um but but i think i think
the the lesson is you know approach
things in series rather than in parallel
uh you know
choose it as the next opportunity rather
than one you're going to run alongside
um can we stay on that for just one
second how do you know when it's time to
add that next
solution or product yeah uh
it's funny we have since launched a new
new product line
and the timing was right i think i think
the first product uh has to land and it
has to
be not just at a stage of product market
fit but like product market dominance um
and where it's a go to market play to
take it to scale rather than uh
continuous product iteration there's
always going to be iteration but like it
it should be generally a a a conquered
terrain before you go and say i'm going
to uh move on to the next uh and and
we felt like
the the that moment was right for this
next product line and ideally and almost
certainly they should be uh
they they should be integrated they
should create integrated value for the
customer um there should be leverage in
the product uh
and and that's when you know it's both
the right thing to build and the right
time to build it so let me see if i can
sum that up you have hit product market
fit with the first and you're really
looking at a go to market scale
challenge you can use that r d
capability for the next and there's got
to be synergies and leverage across the
two that's right
taking notes
all right
let's go
over to you actually a notion tell us
about your values and a time when one of
them has been put into practice
first of all i love this topic because i
feel like
it took us about 18 months to come up
with the four values at notion
and it's a really interesting process
where you're studying other companies
values and so even listening to motive
and incredible health values is super
fun
because you're always learning
so the four values that notion has
in text on this is too small but
be the owner of the mission be a
pacesetter
be a truth seeker
and be kind and direct
there's i'll give you two interesting
things here one is that we have the two
values in between the pace setter and
the truth seeker that always fight with
each other and we actually like that
for many things that are probably
reversible we want people to move fast
and and actually do things and as a
startup that's one of the ways you can
really sort of win in the market but a
lot of other things that are
irreversible we want to be truth-seeking
we want to take the time and rigorously
think about that decision
and so i think those two values are are
interesting to watch in a day-to-day
life and figure out which one you want
to lean in more
the one i'll probably
my favorite is being kind and direct
uh this is one that i sort of saw a
version of this in a lot of different
companies
and i think the mistake or sort of at
least talking to employees what happens
is when you say
be kind or be nice or be empathetic
it actually gets misinterpreted a lot
inside the company uh
people
take that as a way of just being nice to
each other without asking the tough
questions
and so we added the and direct part of
notion which was very authentically us
we want to be kind to each other but we
also want to push each other to do our
best work and that means that you are
going to
i think similar to what iman said we we
are going to dissent when you feel like
it's uh it's not correct or whether you
have a different point of view
um you know
at notion unsurprisingly we we actually
write a lot of docs uh and we actually
are able to comment on each other's work
asynchronously
and and and that allows us to be
kind and direct like i can read
uh a doc from the product team about a
feature we're potentially launching and
i can weigh in on them and i can speak
my mind
uh and and
as i've done this over the course of
last year i guess one of the things i've
realized
is
directness is kindness like if if
someone's not performing inside the
company if you're not direct with them
you're actually doing one of the most
unkind things to them uh and so so i i
really like this value and and that's
it's nice to see as we've scaled it's a
value that a new employee actually picks
it up really fast and inside notion as
well
i once had a professor that said do not
mistake vagueness for compassion which
is another i think version of that that
so often when there's something hard to
say we sort of pull back or use a lot of
flowery language and actually that's not
being kind
so i love that and i also love
the example of leaving comments in a doc
because especially these days as we are
increasingly
remote distributed hybrid
everybody's doing that and it's often a
primary way that we're communicating
with one another is asynchronously
and in writing um so any tips that you
have from seeing that value in action
and notion where you all are probably
experts at asynchronous communication
that the audience can take away
this this has been an interesting
learning over the last two three years
in the pandemic is actually like
writing docs and asynchronously
commenting
uh is one of the best ways you can
actually include all your employees it
doesn't matter like only eight people
are in a room talking and only those
eight people can talk like today i can
write a doc and you know 350 people at
notion can all see it in slack that it
was written and everybody can weigh in
on it
i think another way founders specif
executives can do and actually like push
this value is
is uh when you see someone actually
disagreeing
you know being going out there and sort
of appreciating that and sort of going
deeper with them
and not trying to sort of like you know
just brush off and move forward um so i
think i actively seek out
when when people are disagreeing and i
sort of pull that thread more because
that's my way of uh letting them feel
like that that that is valuable that
notion yeah awesome thank you
okay i'm going to bring it back to
iman we're going to talk now about how
these values were actually created
because that's an entire process in and
of itself some of you listening have
probably been through it in varying
degrees of excitement and pain depending
on the process
and actually when we were talking before
this each of you
had very different processes and
timelines in how your values were
created or recreated um so iman let's
start with you talk us through how
when who created
incredible health values yeah so in 2017
uh i was raising our first round of
financing uh and
obvious ventures had led our seed round
james joaquin there
and you know they have an investment
thesis around investing in world
positive companies and so one of one of
the things that happened was he said to
me and my co-founder rome
you know
before i wire you this it was initial
like two million dollars or whatever it
was right is i need you to write down
your mission vision and values and send
it over before we wire and at the time
i'm like what the heck is this you know
this is like ridiculous
um but in hindsight i'm really glad that
he insisted on that
and so the values were written by the
two co-founders they are a reflection of
our personalities and
what we
dreamed of building a company around and
building what how we define company
culture too
they're heavily influenced by companies
that we used to work at
in my case mckinsey in rome's case
amazon so a lot of the values at
incredible health are very much borrowed
from those cultures too
um
and so they were written very early on
and so since then we've really like
implemented the values through
hiring you know we're assessing them
while we're hiring they're part of
employee onboarding and they're
certainly part of performance as well
five years on is probably now time to
like you know
take another look at them and update
them but uh but that's how it was
initially created
um i appreciate the call out to how you
borrowed from the places that you've
been before because i think a lot of
times when it comes to values we feel
like we have to create something totally
unique that sums up that only our
company could be described by and
actually it's not the worst thing to um
build off what has come before and
what's worked for you in other places um
any advice for folks on where to look
for inspiration um you two seem to have
worked at places where you felt the
values represented you but that might
not be true for everyone i mean
certainly picking companies that are
very successful tends to help
um also uh if there's a company that you
admire and and the way they they're run
or the accomplishments they've had are
particularly uh inspiring to you so
those are great places to borrow values
from um but then also just like make
sure to customize it for what it is that
you want at the end of the day these are
these are a reflection of the personal
values of the leaders
or the founders so um so definitely
customization is still needed yeah and
the hope is that everyone will be using
them and their decision making and all
of that so um i love that of sort of
taking
from what works but customizing it to be
um to be right for you
um so i i'm gonna go back to
akshay for you to talk about your
process of creating notions values
yeah i'm jealous of iman's process
because i think for us it was a pretty
long
process i think we finally landed on
this probably like 18 months into it
so the the process initially started
with uh the two co-founders ivan and
simon
uh myself and a few others we were
probably like 20 people when we started
the process
and we we started the process because in
every every interview we were doing
people would ask what the notion values
were and we were all saying different
things uh
they were sort of all sort of connected
but but we were all saying different
things and and we felt like we needed to
codify them into something that we that
everybody could use
um we also felt like we could tell the
20 people then
on lunch tables and we could
share
what our values were and we realized as
we're scaling there will come a time
when we won't get that opportunity to do
that to the next employee so we started
this 18 months ago um
i would say looking back we did we
started a lot of companies and there's
some really good ones that didn't make
it to the list
i would say there's probably two three
things two three mistakes we made along
those 18 months i would say the first
one was
um that we had too many uh i think the
original draft i think had maybe eight
or something and
uh nobody could remember all eight
so so that was one i think the second
one was i think it was very aspirational
but it wasn't authentically notion so
you could put those aspirational values
down but if you're not really seeing
them around you being used or you can't
really point to that it felt like
just something on a slide deck or
something on your walls but not living
through them
and then i would say the last thing is
um
i think as we scaled we
we got a lot of employee feedback so we
did actually launch first version and we
got a lot of feedback about some that
people were more connected with some
others that weren't
um and and it's a tough process because
i think everybody has a very specific
point of view on this
and so finally we landed on these four
because not only are they
authentically notion but they're also
easy to remember
i i once tweeted like when we're looking
for notion like the next neutino is what
we call the next employee you know we're
looking for people who are
owners of the mission
pacesetters troop seekers kind and
director which is like you know it's
within 140 characters i i can sort of
look for this person
and then finally i think we not only
stopped at the values but we also
thought of rituals that reinforce these
values
so we thought a lot about like how do we
use these values in recruiting how do we
use these values in our all hands how do
we use these values in the day-to-day
decision making
and and so today i feel pretty good
about these four it feels timeless it
feels authentically notion but it was a
long process for us
and sometimes painful uh because you
know you could be staring at these for a
while and it's a little bit like sort of
figuring out your life's purpose like
problem is like okay like what are the
values of a company uh we took it very
seriously
uh
and we we sort of feel happy about where
we are but it was it took it took a long
time for us
so
iman uh and her co-founder created the
values the two of them and they're very
strong reflection of them and you
created the values with
this whole group of folks how much would
you say your personal values and notions
values overlap what's the relationship
between those two
i think the core
company's values is an extension of
founders values i think it has to be
true otherwise i feel like it wouldn't
work so it has to be compatible
but one of the things that happens is
when you are
50 100 people you are also trying to
involve them in the process and make
sure that this is extending beyond the
founders
my personal values very much align with
these values otherwise i wouldn't be
working at notion
and in many ways also values is a
filtering mechanism right
for the next employee they're looking at
this and feel like they can live with
these values
and if they do so they sort of
self-select into working at notion yeah
okay i have several follow-up questions
for three of you but i'm going to first
uh go to schweig i think i have to go
backwards there we go um because you
just re-drafted your values so talk to
us about that process and
the difference between the original and
the redrafted values and who was
involved in the original drafting and
the re-drafting yeah um so
we the first time we we really were
intentional and documented our values
was
in like 2015 and this is when the
company was going from a few people in a
room to uh people in many different
rooms and where you couldn't turn around
and you know just talk about what
mattered uh
and where you had to be really
intentional about
two things um
what what beliefs
what behaviors do we believe uh allow us
to accomplish our mission uh and when uh
and then what actions are we actually
exhibiting uh every day uh that
allow us to win um and and beliefs and
actions uh are really important i mean
corporate culture is super medic uh you
know the the uh what you do is what
other people will follow no matter what
you say it's going to be about what you
do
and hopefully those align
and so
you have to make sure that the
beliefs align with
those those actions that you're
continuously exhibiting and constantly
engaging with your team around
and so we took the first uh attempt at
drafting values this 2015 and then we
had um a pretty major i would say next
act in the company and that was uh
renaming and rebranding and kind of uh
evolving the corporate and the company
narrative uh the company's name used to
be keep trucking it was perfect at the
time we started the company it became a
constraint uh pretty quickly thereafter
uh and and we knew we needed to change
the name uh and so we used that as an
opportunity uh to really think
what are the beliefs and behaviors and
actions that we think
will enable
the next uh
sort of chapter of success for the
company what's going to allow us to win
in the future uh and
and this is where it wasn't a let's go
and start from scratch tear it down
rebuild it uh it was let's update these
and evolve these uh for the company we
are today and the company we want to
become in the future uh and and so there
is an element of uh aspiration um what
are the behaviors that will
get us
to to the next stage um
but also you have to intersect that with
the reality of uh you know what what you
do today um and so
we we number one wanted to simplify and
make sure they were memorable uh
actionable
um and still tied back to where we came
from uh and and so uh we went through
this process of you know a number of
people the exact team plus a number of
kind of champions of our culture um
very long time team members we all got
in a room and
we simply put on paper uh what are the
behaviors that we believe allow us to
win uh and what are the actions that we
rewarded the company uh and uh we
clustered those themes emerged
uh and then we tried to make them
memorable and make the naming and the
actual you know the the verbiage um both
memorable simple
um
but inclusive of uh those key behaviors
and actions
so
what do we need to win and then what do
we reward or how you thought about what
actions do we remember actions for your
wife i love that okay i'm on i'm curious
listening to schweight talk about their
refresh as you just mentioned maybe it's
time for us to refresh our values like
what what's your reaction listening to
him yeah i mean so we do need to refresh
them we just haven't started the work
yet but i'm just basically going to
borrow the same
the same process the same ideas yeah
okay so i want to survey the three of
you um when do you think for our
audience um is the right time to create
your values
and
how many is the optimal number of values
um who should be in the room when
they're created
yeah so i i think value should be
created as early as possible they are
the
operating system of the company they're
how we work together they're how we make
decisions
uh so the earlier that's uh set up the
better uh it as a ceo or any company
leader it does help
drive alignment right and that's one of
the most challenging things that you're
doing while you're while you're scaling
or while you're working
is just making sure everybody's aligned
and and it's important that
you know people are making decisions and
acting with these values even if you're
not in the room yeah
going back to the idea of documentation
for let's call it product reviews um or
your strategy
it which allows for
better alignment better asynchronous
communication better editing and input
i think similarly you want to be really
intentional uh and actually document
your your operating system for the
company which really is your values what
are the things what are the behaviors
and actions that we all agree um we're
gonna
do together um and and uh
yeah i mean the earlier the better uh i
think is right um
documenting is is almost always good
it clarifies your own thought really uh
and then and then who who's in the room
uh if it's a small company i think
everybody uh i mean those if it's seven
ten people uh
you can actually include everyone in
that process obviously that doesn't
scale uh infinitely but uh getting the
the people that
have the most context
um are obviously are the leaders of the
company because they are going to what
they do will be followed um so making
sure that they're aligned or if they're
misaligned that's pretty revealing
i think getting the right people uh is
important um
and but doing it earlier is better
i think like if you are starting a
company and founders can put down their
own personal values i think that's
actually a great starting point for the
company values um and then i think if
you can put that down maybe you can
maybe when you're a little bit larger
just check if that is actually the
culture that's emerged inside the
company i think would be would be great
um
i think ideally you can keep it to three
to five values i think anything more
feels like hard to remember
uh and then i think something that show
up said that really resonated with me is
that
um
actually picking the right
words
like like even looking at motives one
like it's something that's very easy to
remember
easy to act on
um this is something that people people
feel like they got to the right value
but then they don't spend enough time to
actually figure out the right words
inside the company and so that last part
is super valuable
great
so
one of the things that i had asked you
all to
reflect on leading up to today is not
just the backwards looking pieces of how
you created your values and sort of how
they showed up
in your work but
also to look ahead um the three of you
are
building some of the most influential
companies that are out there today
um
you're crossed into unicorn status
you've got hundreds of people
working for you
you're creating products that thousands
of people use
and
you're doing this while
using your values living your values
finding partners align with your values
like base 10 to help embed purpose on
the cap table
and we're actually seeing this at base
10 more and more both with other
advancement initiative companies
that are incredibly mission driven
but also even with some of our early
stage companies we have a company um
chili piper that created a foundation um
really early in their existence to start
to
weave impact into their growth so i'm
curious
what advice you all have
for
folks in the audience who have ambitions
to build
influential sas companies how have you
been able to
live your values
while building in hyper growth which is
no small feat
so
in any order
i can go first um
there's
you know when when you're growing very
rapidly
the values do get tested
right and and
i have two specific examples just to
highlight and to share
first is just when attracting the right
talent right so
um
employees there's so many studies that
show this
but the
knowledge workers we're trying to hire
today particularly millennials gen z
they really care about company missions
and values um they care about the
purpose of what they're doing and and
where they're working and so um ensuring
that the values are in place and also
are enforced they're not just words on a
page but like people are actually acting
with it does actually help attract
talent uh and and get the right talent
and that is honestly one of the number
one things you do as a leader is try to
get the right people on the team right
the second thing
that happens as you're
that we notice as as we are rapidly
scaling is that
certain situations happen that are sort
of like an assault on your values
and you it's up to you as a leader to
protect your values so for example
some big shot executive joints
they look at the list of values and
they're you know within within a few
months they start talking about wanting
to change the values it's like no no no
i know you came from a different culture
and a different set of values but we
need we need you to conform to what our
values and what our culture is uh
another thing that can happen is um
a team within the company is like you
know we're gonna we're all we're also
gonna draft our own set of values that's
specific to our team and again you just
you have to say you know no
um your team has to align with the rest
of the company's values you can't go off
on your own creating your own set of
values uh so these are like some of the
things that can happen um
unexpectedly or insidiously that you
have to really really protect and um you
know sometimes it does lead to difficult
conversations in order to maintain your
values
i love that draft your values use your
values protect your values
i'll um maybe double down on that i mean
the
the values have to be in service of the
business
and they have to be engineered
so that
they go back to the principles that will
let you win the operating principles
that will
allow your company uh to thrive and and
the foundation of that really is are you
building
if it's a technology company are you
building technology that solves a very
real problem that people are willing to
pay for over and over again um if you
don't have that nothing else matters uh
and so you mean you could have the most
ethical leadership you could feel really
good about the way um you're running the
company and and the people you're
interacting with and how people work
together but if you don't have that
foundation
of a product uh that is winning in the
market uh
a lot of that other stuff just doesn't
matter and so that's where the the
principal energy of every leader should
be focused on uh is are we solving a
meaningful problem for our customers uh
who will pay us over and over
i think building on what was said i i
think in the over the course of few
years that notion i think one of the
things i've realized is sort of values
is less about what you say and more
about what you do
and i think what iman mentioned earlier
around just like you know it really gets
tested in
uh tough times
really rings true i think um
what you do in those times and how you
act
uh probably has more impact in your
organizational value than anything else
uh you can also take the flip side like
when you are when things are going
really well
what you reward like how you connect
those back to the behavior you want
inside the company
is really important um
i think like one of the things i've
realized is like as an example
you know we could be chasing a specific
customer
and it could be a really smooth journey
and we could probably win that customer
and you could sort of celebrate that
but you could also take another path
where you're chasing a customer you sort
of put in blood sweat and tears into a
specific process took a long time you
ended up not winning that i think you
still need to celebrate that because
someone really went that extra mile
set the pace like put in a lot of time
to win that deal it didn't pan out but i
think being able to celebrate that
inside the company means that we are
celebrating the behavior not just the
end result yeah celebrating the behavior
not the results
and knowing that you're celebrating the
behavior that when repeated will lead
you to those results you're seeking as
opposed to celebrating the result and
then you can get all sorts of behavior
on the way to it which can get pretty
funky there's a phenomenal book that
really captures that concept um the
score takes care of itself bill walsh is
kind of like um bible uh it was uh the
idea of inputs are really really
important it's not just about the
outcome uh if you do the right things uh
eventually the the right outcome happens
and so making sure that you recognize
and celebrate the people that they're
doing that are giving the input yeah
one other thing i wanted to mention is
you know because your question was like
you know values while building these
unicorn companies right i
i'm not sure if everyone noticed but
there are one or two values that we all
have all three of us have and i would
probably go as far to say like it's
almost a requirement to have these one
or two values if you're trying to
rapidly scale and you know become a
market leader to find a new category uh
i think all of us had elements of speed
something to do with
pace setting i think we had speed you
know just around um
it is one of the main competitive
advantages that you have as a high
growth startup is you can move faster
than anybody else in the market and that
does to create an enormous amount of
value for your customers for your for
your team members it's very motivating
for your team members too and then the
second i think that where there was a
lot of overlap was um just the focus on
the users right like so addressing your
users most pressing needs or obsessing
with your obsessing over your user's
needs
that those two values the user obsession
one as well as the speed one i mean it's
almost i would argue it's a requirement
to have those two if you're building a
high growth uh technology company
i feel like you need to come sit in the
moderator yeah that was a very
thank you for that um okay we have just
a couple minutes left i would love for
each of you to just share
one parting thought um and it could
either be something you learned from
someone else uh on the stage today or
um maybe something you're you're taking
away that you're excited about um with
your own business
i can start um i guess like one of the
learnings uh at least from this panel
also you know the this
time i've spent at notion
is is to really sort of not just get to
the values part but also like make
another doc after the values part even
though you're tired uh around how you
will actually use it inside the company
uh and figure out like what are the
right
ways you can incorporate it in your
day-to-day life whether it's the all
hands whether it's
you know whether it's the way
you interview people uh
even thinking about the list of values
you have like how are you going to
actually find the next employee
that actually has those values is
something you can really codify and that
helps a ton as you're scaling yeah
um i think one thing i'm reminded of
is the power of
recognition and reward when people
exemplify
the behaviors that you
think are important in your company
um
and i mean it's so easy it says
literally zero marginal cost recognition
is free
um and the return is just incredible
in the form of you know giving people
confidence that they're doing great work
driving retention
um
and and yeah inspiring uh the team and
and that that is it's viral it like it
spreads uh and so a culture of
recognition uh is so important in in
concert with uh strong values
yeah so similarly i mean i think
probably 20 of the work is determining
what the values are but 80 of the work
is actually implementing them and uh
in the implementation
you know there are additional you know
documents that can be created
or processes that can be created to
support the values right so what are
your meeting norms like how do you
handle meetings or how is decision
making handled and all of these things
can be documented and and reflect your
values as well as well as your
performance reviews your interview
guides like
honestly all the core documents around
how your business is run internally
should be a reflection and are really
doubling down on the values
amazing thank you three so much this was
an awesome conversation i learned a lot
i hope you learned a lot um and we're
all excited to see what comes next
thanks
[Applause]
thank everybody